MS Reference Number: | CSHK | CET | MS | C | 2024 | 000104
---|---|---|---|---|---|---
ACC Reference Number: | 1701 | W | 000 | CSC | 760 | 000041

METHOD STATEMENT TITLE | Rev.A
---|---
Method Statement for Trial Pit Excavation for Operation Area (OA) | 

Prepared by: | Checked by: | Reviewed by: | Reviewed by:
---|---|---|---
Signature: | 蔡锦 | 王思军 | 2 | 归
Name: | Tim Cai | Nick Wang | Leung Kwok Fung /HuiWai Kwan | MH Isa / WH Lam
Position: | Engineer | AssistanceConstructionManager | SM/SO | QM/QE
Date: | 13-May-2024 | 13-May-2024 | 13-May-2024 | 13-May-2024
Reviewed by: | Reviewed by: | Reviewed by: | Approved by:
Signature: | O | 나L Tews | M.yleeuo | 209
Name: | James Ma/Iris Ho | Yeung Wai Lun | Paul Freeman/ MarkMcGleenon | Eric Fong
Position: | EM/EO | A. Project Director | Sr. Project Director /A. Project Director | Project Director
Date: | 13-May-2024 | 13-May-2024 | 13-May-2024 | 13-May-2024

1. Introduction

2. Reference Documents

3. Responsibilities for Activities described within Method Statement

4. Programme and Working Hours

5. Plant, Equipment & Material

6. Works Methodology

7.Safety

8.Environmental

9.Quality Control

10.Appendices

中國建築工程（香港）有限公司 This document is controlled in soft copy.

CHINA STATE CONSTRUCTION ENGINEERING (HONG KONG) LIMITED Any hard copies seen are uncontrolled unless Page 2 of 15

chopped with a red control stamp

1. Introduction

This Method Statement is a safety working method & procedures documents to describing the health, safety, environment & quality requirements for carrying out the trial pit excavation works for operation area (OA) under the Contract 1701. The methodologies of elimination, mitigation and control of risks shall be addressed.The details of the procedures contained herewith shall be reviewed periodically and updated based on the actual site conditions. The principle methods as described in the following sections are subject to review during construction and may be amended if required.This method statement needs to be complied into EDOC and approved by MTR. Updated TTMS will be under separate submission.

2. Reference Documents

General Specification for Civil Engineering Works (NEC4) (MTR Corporation Limited-2022)
·Scope for Contract 1701.
·Materials and Workmanship Specification for Civil Engineering Works

3. Responsibilities for Activities described within Method Statement

CSHK is responsibllisted below and be e to inspect and carry out the construction works. The respresponsible for the activties:
Name | Position
---|---
Howard Siu | Construction Manager
CF Chan | Construction Manager
Anthony He | Assistant Construction Manager
Nick Wang | Site Agent
Tim Cai | Engineer
Andrew Mak | Engineer
Andrew Lo | Graduate Engineer
Charles Xu | Graduate Engineer
Vincent Li | Construction Manager
Nana Chung | Assistant Construction Manager
Johnson Chun | Senior Engineer
David Lam | Senior Engineer
Man Hin Li | Assistant Engineer
Ted Leung | Construction Manager
Li Yuk Wa | Assistant Construction Manager
Jack Wong | Senior Engineer
Andy Lo | Engineer
Edward Yang | Graduate Engineer
Kyle Lai | Graduate Engineer
Leung Kwok Fung | Safety Manager
Hui Wai Kwan | Safety Officer

Ernest Young Assistant Safety Officer
Lau Yu Tat Senior Surveyor
Cheung Siu Kei Superintendent
(a) Construction Manager
Responsible for overall administration, monitoring, controlling progress and quality of works in a safe manner.
(b) Site Engineer / Superintendent / Foreman
Responsible for developing works procedures, controlling progress and quality of works in a safe manner. They also have to implement safety at works area for workers via guidance from safety officers.
(c) Safety Manager/ Safety Officer
Responsible for assessing working conditions of work areas in safety means. To prepare risk assessment before works, enforce safety works practice and environment in the workplace and work site.
(d) Worksite Person In Charge (WPIC)
WPIC is in charge of the work in the works areas, which are located at various positions of site.Site Supervisor is also responsible in implementing works control checklist. WPIC/ Sitesupervisor shall attend pre-work briefing and deliver the work arrangement, included but not limited to proposed working area, sequence of works and safety precautions measures.
(e) Registered Electrical Workers (REW)
Workers who have valid certificate of registered electrical worker and completed MTR RSI training and obtain qualification.
(f)Workers
Workers who have completed RSI training and received a valid qualification.
(g) Competent Person CP for Underground Utilities Survey and Trial Pit
CP shall undertake the investigation for the purpose of ascertaining within the proposed works site and its vicinity the existence, alignment and depth of any cable and provision of a written report on the findings.
(h) Competent Person (CP(T)/CP(NT))
CP shall provide pre-work briefng to all workers and anyone work within the Railway Operation Area(Siu Ho Wan Depot). Pre-work briefing shall cover the regulation within the proposed working area and relevant work safety precaution measures. Briefing attendance records shall be kept onsite for inspection. CP shall report to depot before works could commence.CP(T)/CP(NT) is to ensure works are within OA area and any opening of the existing Manholes shall notify Depot relevant parties such as IMD in advance.Emergency Team contact list is enclosed so that work can be safely arranged to suspend for contingency/ reasons. Please refer to Appendix E.

中國建築工程（香港）有限公司 This document is controlled in soft copy.

CHINA STATE CONSTRUCTION ENGINEERING (HONG KONG) LIMITED Any hard copies seen are uncontrolled unless Page 4 of 15chopped with a red control stamp

4. Programme and Working Hours

The method statement is applicable for the trial pit excavation at Operation Area (OA) underContract 1701. The general working hours will be from 08:00 - 18:00 daily, from Monday toSaturday and expected to be completed within a week. It may be required to carry out works from19:00 to 23:00 and Sunday and Public Holidays in case of essential speeding up of the workingprocess. CSHK would check internally to fulfil the Construction Noise Permit Requirement.All the works shall be led by WPIC during the approved working period at different areas, details aresummarised in the below table. Competent Person for Underground Utilities Survey shall beassigned and in the presence of works. OA works will require CP (T) to supervise working parties asper RSR.
Location of Works | Allowed Working Period | Remarks
---|---|---
Mainline | Non-Traffic Hour(02:00-04:00) | 3 days per week
Test Track | Night Shift(Exact time to be coordinated) | 3 days per week
Depot Track Area | Non-Peak Hour(11:00-15:00)Night Shift(Exact time to be coordinated) | 

5. Plant, Equipment & Material

All equipment will be inspected prior to the mobilization on site to ensure that they are in goodworking condition and comply with the current regulations. The major equipment will be deployed tocarry out the works are as follow and the technical specification is attached in Appendix D:
·Hand tool for excavation.
·Excavator (Backhoe mounted with beaker/bucket) or equivalent mechanical plant.The locations of excavator and include in the updating of TTMS for these works will be underseparate submission.

6. Works Methodology

6.1 Preparation Works
Before carry out the excavation works, UU detection is to be carried out by CP.Method statement for UU detection is under separate submission. (ACC No.1701-W-000-CSC-760-000253)

中國建築工程（香港）有限公司CUEDCHINA STATE CONSTRUCTION ENGINEERING (HONG KONG) LIMITED

This document is controlled in soft copy.Any hard copies seen are uncontrolled unless Page 5 of 15chopped with a red control stamp

Set out the location of the trial pit. Please refer to the Appendix A for the proposed location trial pit.

Fence off the works area by barriers and set up warning signs. Placement of barriers should be such that no vehicle driving pass and no material shall be stockpiled within 45 degree failure zone of thetrial trench.

Exact trial pit locations shall be further verified and agreed with the CSHK Engineer notified before commencement.

Conduct cable detection by competent person CP with reference from updated underground utilities plan. Before commencement of any digging works, the underground utilities detection report shall be certified and signed Permit-To-Dig form shall be in place.

6.2 Pit Excavation

The concrete / bitumen surface shall be broken by hand dig tool if necessary.

Trial Pit shall be of size 1.5m x 1.5m and terminated at 1.5m deep at most. If necessary,excavator or other plant and equipment will be deployed to remove the existing concrete and hard material for opening of road paving or any obstruction to pit excavation.

For trial pit excavations greater than 1.2m in depth, open cut excavation with maximum 30°slope need to be implemented. If insufficient space for open cut method, shoring/ELS system will need to be implemented. The typical shoring system for trial pit excavation is attached in Appendix F.

Design and ICE cert for shoring will be provided prior the construction on site. Permit to load issued by TWC is required before loading.

The proposed extent for trial pit is shown in the layout plans attached in Appendix A.The exact location and number of trial pit will be subjected to actual site conditions.

For trial pit will be carried out by hand digging. No mechanical plant can be used for digging and can be only used as bucket for assistance.

Excavated materials from the trial pit shall be temporarily stockpiled at designated areas and

covered properly to prevent rainwater seepage and suppress dust.

For underground utilities encountered, the type, location, dimension and nature shall be recorded. Exposed UU should be labelled and protected on site.

When groundwater is encountered before reaching the inspection pit tentative depth,the following procedures be followed:

a. The location of the inspection pit should be set to identify target utilities in agreement with the MTR's representative.

b. The excavation of the inspection pit should be stopped if the collapse of the inspection pit.

c.MTR's agreement on the termination of the excavation will be sought.

Trial pit shall be backfilled by the excavated granular soil material until the original ground level is restored.

To ensure the worker carrying out the inspection pit excavation works are fully informed of the risks and they are aware of the measures to control those risks, the Briefing will be provided before operation commence.

Trial pit shall be inspected on weekly basis by competent person and Form 4- Excavation of Earthworks shall be filled in to ensure the inspection pit is in safe conditions.

Proper ladder access should be landed on firm and level base for workers excavation works /Supervisors inspection in the Trial Pit. The ladder should extend 1m higher than the landing place.

No excavator crosses the track to access trial pit locations. Any equipment needs to cross the track must be properly positioned to avoid accident. When the tools are not in use, they must be secured with chains and padlocks or other locking devices. All belongings should be tidied 15mins before leaving work.

Plastic baffle or Mesh safety net covering up the trial pit/ trenchif backfilling cannot be completed in time.

7. Safety

All workers shall be equipped with reflective vests and safety helmets during operation. All workers must go through a briefing by the Construction Manager/ Engineer / Safety Officer /Safety Supervisor before commencement of any works.

A pre-meeting will be arranged before commencement of the work among Survey Team,Construction Team and Safety Team to brief the nature of works, the safety aspects and the necessary safety requirements as identified in the Risk Assessment in Appendix C.

Works near the track can only be carried out at the NTH / NPH, details refer to Section 4.0.CP(T) shall supervise at all time and lock the gate after work.

中國建築工程（香港）有限公司 This document is controlled in soft copy.

CHINA STATE CONSTRUCTION ENGINEERING (HONG KONG) LIMITED Any hard copies seen are uncontrolled unless Page 7 of 15chopped with a red control stamp

To ensure the worker carrying out the inspection pit excavation works are fully informed of therisks and they are aware of the measures to control those risks, the Briefing will be providedbefore operation commence.Safety helmets fitted with chin straps must be worn within the site, safety boots,hearingprotectors (if needed), high visibility jackets / sashes, reflective vests, goggles, gloves and fullbody harnesses for work at height will be provided to all staff working on site. Plastic barriersand reflective traffic cones will be prepared prior to work commencement to demarcate theworking area.Trial pit shall be inspected on weekly basis by competent person and Form 4 - Excavation ofEarthworks shall be filled in to ensure the inspection pit is in safe conditions.Permit-to-Dig system shall be implemented and strictly followed to mitigate the risk ofdamages to underground utilities. Relevant valid underground utilities plans shall be obtainedand cable detection shall be conducted by competent person before commencement of works.Briefing shall be conducted to workers to acknowledge them on the underground utilityconditions at the works area and precautions required. The proposed working area should bemarked physically on site by CP.Proper ladder access should be landed on firm and level base for workers excavation works/Supervisors inspection in the Trial Pit. The ladder should extend 1m higher than the landingplace.Any emergency situation shall be reported to site supervisors (i.e. Construction Manager/Engineer/Foreman etc.) and Safety Department for prompt response. The emergency contactlist is shown in Appendix E.The risk for the works shall be assessed and the Risk Assessment Analysis is shown in AppendixC.

8. Environmental

-Works near the track can only be carried out at the NTH / NPH, details refer to Section 4.0;
-ULSD Diesel will be use in all PME;
- Plant with QPME label will be employ if available;
- Only regulated NRMM with NRMM label to be used on site;
- All chemicals will be placed on drip tray;
- Any wastewater produced during the work will be treated prior to disposal;
- Excavated material will be stocked pile at designated area, covered properly to prevent dustgeneration and reused on site prior to disposal;
- The works shall follow relevant mitigation measures as required under the Environmental Permit(EP)/EP submission and Contractor's Environmental Management Plan (EMP).

9. Quality Control

Refer to Appendix B for Inspection and Test Plan.
·Construction works shall be fully complied with Quality Plan.For work activity which is classified as "Quality Hold Point", no subsequent work can be startedunless the former work activity was inspected and accepted by MTR's inspectorate.

10. Appendices

A. Proposed Trial Pit Layout
B. Inspection and Test Plan (ITP)
C.Risk Assessment
D. Technical Specification for Equipment and Plants
E. Emergency Contact List
F. Typical Shoring System for Trial Pit Excavation

中國建築工程（香港）有限公司 This document is controlled in soft copy.

CHINA STATE CONSTRUCTION ENGINEERING (HONG KONG) LIMITED Any hard copies seen are uncontrolled unless Page 9 of 15

chopped with a red control stamp