MS Reference Number: CSHK CET MS C 2024 000126

ACC Reference Number: 1701 W 000 CSC 760 000273


METHOD STATEMENT TITLE: Rev. B

Mini-Pile Installation for OYB Station (South)


Prepared by: Checked by: Reviewed by: Reviewed by:

Signature: S ← 12 Hong

Name: Sam Tsang Vincent Li/Nana Chung- Leung Kwok Fung/Brian Wong MH Isa/SH Cheung

Position: Engineer Construction Manager SM/SSO QM/ AQM

Date: 26 June 2024 26 June 2024 26/Je2024 26.6.2024

Reviewed by: Reviewed by: Reviewed by: Approved by:

Signature: 89 wL kewrs. M.M 

Name: James-Ma.Llris Ho Yeung Wai Lun Paul Freeman/Mark McGleenon Eric Fong

Position: EM/EO A. Project Director Sr.Project Director /A. Project Director Project Director

Date: 26.6.2024 26J 2024 27-06-2024 


CONTENT

1. Introduction

2. Reference Documents

3.Details of Sub-Contractor/Specialist Sub-Contractor

4.Responsibilities for Activities described within Method Statement

5. Programme and Working Hours

6. Plant, Equipment & Material

7. Traffic and Security Management

8. Construction Methods / Construction Sequence

9. Safety

10. Environmental

11. Quality Control

12. Appendices

This document is controlled in soft copy.

Any hard copies seen are uncontrolled unless Page 2 of 25

chopped with a red control stamp 


Introduction (Overview of the operation/works)

Upon the predrilling works completed for Oyster Bay (OYB) Station (Southern platform), the mini-pile for Oyster Bay Station (Southern platform) will be commenced. This method statement will cover the method, sequence, logistic of the mini pile for construction and precautionary measure and other relevant arrangement. The foundation work should commence after the completion of RP fencing, I&M installation with initial readings taken and agreed, predrilling and UU diversion etc. which the method statement of the above works shall be submitted separately. The detail of the procedures and methods contained herewith shall be reviewed periodically and updated where necessary based on the actual site condition. The principle methods as described in the following sections are subject to review during construction and may be amended if required.

Reference Documents (Identify relevant documents by name and reference number)

(Library) Working Paper No.6 – Railway Protection General Specification for Civil Engineering Works (NEC4) (MTR Corporation Limited - 2022) Scope for Contract 1701 Materials and Workmanship Specification for Civil Engineering Works Foundation Design and Construction (GEO Publication No.1/2006) Code of Practice for Foundation 2017

Details of Sub-Contractor/Specialist Sub-Contractor

The works will be carried out by our subcontractor and supervised by our front-line staff such as foreman and engineer. We will also provide the full-time CP (Railway Safety Rules and Requirements) on-site, 1 CP will be appointed for 20 workers at the same work area. RSI is not required after the works area declared as CA. CP(T) shall be provided for supervision of works less than 10m from the existing RP fencing. Besides, WPIC will be assigned to supervise the construction works at each work site.

Responsibilities for Activities described within Method Statement

CSHK is responsible to inspect and carry out the construction works. The following persons, as listed in the table below, will attend the specific tool-box talk and be responsible for the activities:

Company Name Position

CSHK Vincent Li Construction Manager

Nana Chung Assistant Construction Manager

Ng Chun Wah Assistant Section Agent

David Lam Senior Engineer

Johnson Chung Senior Engineer

Sam Tsang Engineer

Edmond Man Engineer

Jacky Luo Engineer

Kingsley Zhao Assistant Engineer

Li Man Hin Graduate Engineer

Cheung Siu Kei Superintendent (WPIC)

Benny Yeung General Foreman

Jacky To Foreman

TBC CP(T)

This document is controlled in soft copy. Any hard copies seen are uncontrolled unless Page 3 of 25

Programme and Working Hours (Start & finish date of operation/works) The works are planned to commence with predrilling for the trial pile in early July 2024 and target to complete grouting work in late July 2024. This is to allow consent to be granted for mini works in late September 2024 for BD acknowledgment. The general working hours will be from 08:00 - 19:00 daily, from Monday to Saturday while is changed into CA from OA (Operation Area). However, it may be required to carry out work from 19:00 to 23:00 and Sunday and Public Holidays in case of essential speeding up of the working process. CSHK would check internally to fulfill the Construction Noise Permit Requirement. If works needed to be carried out during NTH, CP(T) and WPIC are required and CSHK should check for availability and report to MTR before commencement of works. Plant, Equipment & Material (Identify type, model, and specification of MAJOR plant & equipment) All plants and equipment will be inspected prior to the mobilization on-site to ensure that they are in good working condition and comply with the current regulations. Plant permit system will be adopted to ensure condition of lifting crane and appliance are checked before use. Proposed design mix and associated material submission of grouting works should be provided prior to the commencement of grouting works for mini-piles. 6 no. Workfront

Plant / Equipment Quantity

Piling Rig 6

Drilling Rig (For Post-construction work) 6

Mobile Crane (45 T) 3

Air Compressor 2

Generator 2

Grout Pump Station 2

Backhoe 6

Welding machine 8

Manpower Quantity

General Labour 28

Driver 9

Rigger 16

Operator 12

Fire Marshall / WPIC 6

Figure 6.1.1 Site Set up and Logistic Arrangement during Foundation Stage (Access Road Level)

Figure 6.1.2 Site Set up and Logistic Arrangement during Foundation and Tower Crane Erection Stage (Viaduct Level)

For lifting method, the 7m Height Railway Protective fencing will be installed (with an extent of at least 25m each side of piling location) before the mini-piling works for protection such as lifting of casing, rebars, and other materials during piling operation. During the lifting work, banksman will supervise the movement with direction along the track and maintain the clearance from the RP fencing (with a minimum of 500mm). The site set up and logistic arrangement plan as shown in Figure 6.1.1 & 6.1.2. The lifting height should be controlled within the 7m, as protected by the fencing with a working radius with at least 500mm clearance to the as-constructed RP fencing. Lifting plan as shown in Figure 6.1.3, 6.1.3A & 6.1.3B for lifting plans at the working area. Temporary Traffic Management Scheme at Shun Long Road by Highway Department under separate submission.

Figure 6.1.3 General layout plan & Fatal zone set-up beneath Shun Long Road (Critical)

This document is controlled in soft copy. Any hard copies seen are uncontrolled unless Page 5 of 25

Figure 6.1.3A General layout plan & Fatal zone set-up on Shun Long Road

Figure 6.1.4 General layout plan & Fatal zone set-up

Lifting Arrangement

Set up the overall location of mini pile construction works at W1. The weight of a bundle of T50 rebar is 2 tons, 0.47 ton for a 323 CHS casing with 6m in length with the lifting capacity of crane lorry reduced to 80% of its original SWL. Load of lifting gears must be counted as part of the lifting load. Outrigger of the crane lorry shall be fully extended before lifting works. No part of the crane lorry will work beyond the water-filled barrier as shown with Figure 6.1.4. The lifting plan and load chart as shown in Figure 6.1.3, 6.1.3A, and 6.1.5. Fatal zone shall be fenced off by red plastic barrier. Unless otherwise mentioned, unauthorized person is forbidden to enter the lifting area as referred to Figure 6.1.4.

Linting Item No.

1 Air compressor Sand Treatment Plant Generator A bundle of T50 rebar A 323x10mm thk. casing (6m in length)

234

5

Lifting Plan for Work Area W1

MODEL: 955/9S (EFFER, ITALY)

BOOM LENGTH: 8m

WORKING RADIUS: 8m @ S.W.L.=8.13T

WEIGHT OF LIFTING OBJECT: 5.5T (CRITICAL CASE)

WEIGHT OF LA/LG: 0.3T

TOTAL WEIGHT: 5.5+0.3=5.8T

LIFTING CAPACITY: 5.8T/8.13T=71.34%

Figure 6.1.5 Crane lorry lifting chart under Safe Working Load (S.W.L.)

Figure 6.2 Utilization Plan & Overall logistics plan

Utilization Plan and the site setup as shown in Figure 6.2. No flammable materials shall be stored at 6m measured from the Railway Fence. A site demonstration of how to lift the 6m long rebar from the rebar storage area and insert into the drilled hole is required for prior approval. The traffic shall enter the site from the site entrance as shown below through the Depot Access road and exit the

中國建築工程（香港）有限公司 This document is controlled in soft copy.

CHINA STATE CONSTRUCTION ENGINEERING (HONG KONG) LIMITED Any hard copies seen are uncontrolled unless Page 7 of 25

chopped with a red control stamp


site by the site entrance or Shun Long Road. No material including plants, containers, huts, etc. shall be stored within 2m plan distance from the railway fence / railway protection fence. Lifting supervisor should supervise the lifting works and LG and rigging method should be approved under the method statement and BUGN of General lifting works. Two nylon tail ropes shall be provided during lifting operation to prevent twist of the lifted rebar / casing as shown in Figure 6.3. Figure 6.3 Utilization Plan & Overall logistics plan

7. Traffic and Security Management

The access to the site shall be as follows: Contractor Vehicle Arrangement ⚫ Access to the OYB southern station structure and associated bifurcation works will be via site entrance at Depot Access Road and Shun Long Road, one traffic lane for Shun Long Road is closed with water-filled barriers hatched in blue as shown in Figure 7.1. Figure 7.1 Access to the OYB Southern Station Structure Worker Verification ⚫ All workers will be picked up at designated areas such as Tung Chung Station. ⚫ During boarding the shuttle bus, hand-held facial recognition will be performed to verify the worker's qualification. ⚫ The facial recognition system will check if the person has passed the RSI and possesses a green card. ⚫ The list of workers shall be submitted to MTR for registration before the starting of works, the list shall be updated weekly and available for MTR as requested.

This document is controlled in soft copy.

Any hard copies seen are uncontrolled unless Page 8 of 25

chopped with a red control stamp 


8. Construction Methods / Construction Sequence Drawings

There are 205 mini piles at Oyster Bay Station (South) (OYB(S)). The installation of mini piles will be undertaken within CA of the OYB(S) work site. Layout plan as shown in Figure 8.0.1 & 8.0.2. All mini-piles are located within 10m from the proposed RP fencing and require EDOC.

Figure 8.0.1 – Mini-Pile Layout Plan (1)

Figure 8.0.2 – Mini-Pile Layout Plan (2)

There shall be a maximum of 6 nos. of work-front as shown in Figure 8.0.3 & 8.0.4, starting at Grid S19 for Workfront 1 due to the trial pile works and continue to the east direction and the remaining 5 work-front starting at Grid S16 for Workfront 2 to the east direction, Grid S14 to the east for Work-front 3 and Grid line S11 to the east for Work-front 4, Grid S8 to the east for Work-front 5 and Grid S4 to the east for Work-front 6. The proposed work flow may be revised subject to the actual site condition and progress. Active monitoring zone shall be provided with the Workfront shown in Figure 8.0.3 & 8.0.4.

Figure 8.0.3 – No. of work-fronts and direction of proposed work flow (1)

This document is controlled in soft copy. Any hard copies seen are uncontrolled unless Page 9 of 25

Figure 8.0.4 – No. of work-fronts and direction of proposed work flow (2)

Those piles located within 10m of the railway protection fence will be subject to approval of an Engineering Document (EDOC) prior to works commencing due to the potential of the works to impact on the operational railway. Those piles subject to an EDOC will also be limited to the use of 6m high casings.

Figure 8.0.5 and Figure 8.0.6 show the relationship for mini-pile installation and the existing track works.

Figure 8.0.5 – Section A – A (G.L. S10)

This document is controlled in soft copy.

Any hard copies seen are uncontrolled unless Page 10 of 25

chopped with a red control stamp 

Figure 8.0.6 – Section B – B (G.L. S20)

The collapse path shall be parallel to the RP fencing so that the collapse of the piling rig would not affect the proposed RP fencing works by 1701.

Common materials to be lifted are steel casing and bar for mini-pile. Lifting plan refers to a separate method statement for General Lifting Plan. Considering the failure of clamping the steel casing during drilling, the sitting orientation of the drilling rig should parallel with AEL/TCL Track. That way, even if the steel casing falls down, it falls to the side instead of falling towards AEL/TCL Track. (referring to Figure 8.0.7)

Figure 8.0.7 –Orientation of Piling Rig

Temporary water supply & Temporary sewerage treatment plan

The water supply shall be provided by the public main near Tai Ho Interchange as shown in Figure 8.0.8. The sewerage treatment plan with a discharging point as shown in Figure 8.0.9. Both of the works are submitted under a separate method statement submission.

This document is controlled in soft copy.

Any hard copies seen are uncontrolled unless Page 11 of 25

chopped with a red control stamp 

Figure 8.0.8 Temporary water supply plan (For information only)

Figure 8.0.9 Wastewater Treatment Facilities and Proposed Discharge Points

(For information only)

Pre–Work Protection

The lifting procedure will be suspended if the RP fence is damaged or incompletion of RP fence w an extent of at least 25m from each side of the piling location or under strong wind condition and unfavorable weather as summarized in the hazard Log on the EDOC.

All movement of lifting works will be supervised by a lifting supervisor in order to maintain the clearance (with a minimum of 500mm) from the RP fencing so as to minimize the effect on OHL post or consequence of any accident of lifting works. The lifting details are described in Figure 8.0.10.

This document is controlled in soft copy.

Any hard copies seen are uncontrolled unless Page 12 of 25 chopped with a red control stamp 

Welding works will be carried out for this construction work within the Construction Area (C.A.). All equipment will be placed in a designated location for these dangerous goods. Fire safety equipment such as fire extinguisher at each work front and face mask for the workers shall be provided on site. The maximum quantity of the acetylene cylinder is 4 sets and no smoking is allowed near that storage area. The location will be coordinated with MTR representatives in the W1 zone for ensuring it can fulfill the storage requirements.

Figure 8.0.10 Lifting plan for Mini Pile

8.1 Trial Pile

Trial piles for mini piles are required to be completed prior to commencing with the remainder of the works. The selected trial pile by the Building Department is SFS19PC1-MP6 shall be carried out to verify the design assumptions before the commencement of any mini-piles. Pre-drilling at mentioned pile shall be selected with PDH17 shown in Figure 8.1.1 with detail shown for the selected trial pile in Figure 8.1.2.

that the toe of every pile is within 5m distance from a pre-drilling hole as shown in the approved plan.

Figure 8.1.2 Foundation Pile Detail Type MP-PC6A2

(Drawing No. C1701/B/OYB/OAP/C19/011 Rev.B)

⚫ Pre-drilling shall be sunk at least 5m into Category 1(c) or better rock with total core recovery not less than 85% and with uniaxial compressive strength (UCS) not less than 25MPa or Point load index (PLI/50) not less than 1MPa (i.e. Category 1(c) in Table 2.1 or Code of Practice for Foundation 2017) or the designed rock socket length of the nearest pile, whichever is deeper. The number of tests conducted should be such that there is at least 1 such test performed on rock specimen taken within 5m of every installed pile. Testing should be carried out by a laboratory accredited under the HOKLAS. (Under separate submission on “Pre-drilling Works at CAs 10m away nearest track” and “Pre-drilling works within 10m from the nearest track”.)

⚫ 3 point load tests shall be carried out at each pre-drill location.

⚫ All pre-drill holes shall be backfilled by tremie method with a grout of strength with 30MPa.

⚫ Pre-drilling shall be carried out with Standard Penetration Tests (SPT) shall be carried out at 2m intervals. Termination criteria of SPT as follows: 1. The SPT-N value is equal to or larger than 50, and 2. Grade V or better material (determined by Class 4 or better soil sample obtained by SPT liner or equivalent) is encountered.

⚫ The record of predrilling works for trial pile should be submitted to BD for completion. 

Post-construction proof drilling

⚫ 2 additional proof drill holes shall be conducted