CSF Reference Number: CSHK CET CSF C 2024 000157

ACC Reference Number: 1701 W 000 CSC 143 000534

EDOC for RP Fencing Installation(South Side)

Description:

Refer to 2nd HAZOP Meeting, dated on 22 Mar 2024 & 26 Mar 2024,enclosed herewith the EDOC Application for RP Fencing Installation (South Side), and associated hazard log,Meeting Minutes and presentation materials for your review.

Revision Date Prepared by Checked by Reviewed by Approved by

A1 21/05/2024 eleadey Name: David Lam Vincent Li Max Leung Paul Freeman/McGleenon Eric Fong
Position: SeniorEngineer ConstructionManager EngineeringManager Sr. Project Director/A.Project Director Project Director

中國連築工程（香港）有限公司CHINA STATE CONSTRUCTION ENGINEERING (HONG KONG) LIMITED This document is controlled in soft copy.Any hard copies seen are uncontrolled unless chopped Page 1 of 1with a red control stamp

Engineering Document for Works

Part A

Engineering Works No: ZCV20347

Change History Issue/Rev. Reason for Change Date
1/0 First Formal Issue 22/05/2024

Part B

1. F1 No. N/A

2. C&R Works No. N/A

3. Baseline Programmei Please refer to attached Appendix A

Design Installation Testing & Commissioning Completion Associated Actions (Refer to Item 19)
SHD PropertyDevelopment Contract 1701 –Oyster Bay Station and Associated Works June 2024 N/A OCT 2024(tentatively) N/A

4. Description of works

4.1 Title Contract 1701 – RP Fencing Installation (South Side)

4.2 Reason

Prior to the commencement of the bifurcation work at mainline and OYB station associated works, RP protective fence shall be installed prior to the commencement of piling and associated works.

4.3 Description A. GENERAL

1701 Contractor will carry out the RP fence installation as per correlated latest version of method statement under ACC Ref No. 1701-W-000-CSC-760-000339. Precaution measures for various potential risks/ situation have been reviewed and summarized in the hazard log referring to Appendix B.

B. WORKING TIME

Mainline: 3 Nos of NTH per week (2:00am to 4:00am);

Tentative Programme: May to October 2024

i For any programme change or update, please refer to the Project Controller / Project Manager

Page 1 Template updated on 26/02/2024

C. PREPARATION WORK

Before commencement of the installation, the following works shall be completed.

C.1 Temporary Connection Details for Existing RP Fence

Some wire mesh of the existing RP fence will be temporarily removed to allow the transportation of plants and materials to track side (proposed works locations), and then install the wire mesh with U-Clamp in NTH (Details, please refer to Appendix E, Para. 8.3.1)

C.2 UU Detection

UU detection will be carried out before start of the works. (Details, please refer to separate submission ACC Ref No. 1701-W-000-CSC-760-000253).

C.3 Existing Signs Removal

Carrying out the site conditions survey with MTR to identify what existing signs will be maintained when install the new RP Fence. The affected existing signs will be installed at on the new RP fence with same chainage and positions (if possible).

(Details, please refer to Appendix E, Para. 8.3.3)

C.4 Existing Cable Troughs and Draw Pits

MTRCL Advance Work Contractor has diverted all cables from the existing cable trough onto the temporary cable brackets. Break the existing cable troughs by handheld breaker and pack into small size, remove it manually, and the existing cable drawing pits will be partially removed by portable hand-held breaker to provide the space for RP Fence Installation.

(Details, please refer to Appendix E, Para. 8.3.4)

C.5 Ground Levelling & Earthing Installation

Ground levelling and earthing installation will be carried out after the site clearance and cable trough, cable draw pit and signage removed. Granular sub-base or concrete blinding will be used for ground levelling depending on the actual site condition.

(Details, please refer to Appendix E, Para. 8.3.5)

C.6 Site Clearance

Site clearance shall be completed and existing ground shall be levelled up before commencement of RP fence installation.

C.7 Setting Out

The location of RP fence will be set out at the co-ordinates shown on the Construction Drawings or as agreed with MTR’s representatives on site.

Once the location has been set out a joint inspection will be held with M T R ’ s r e p r e s e n t a t i ve s o n s i t e a n d o t h e r s t a k e h o l d e r s

Referring to the railway safety requirements and construction drawings, the proposed RP fence is close to the OHL mast / track, CSHK will further verify the site conditions with MTR / Depot Yard Master (DYM)representatives onsite to ensure that the proposed location meets the minimum safety distance and take relative precautions, such as de-energize, before commencement of the installation work.

(Details, please refer to Appendix E, Para. 8.4)

C.8 Trial Pit

Trial Pits will be carried out in accordance with Permit-to-Dig System before start of the works. For details, please refer to separate submissions ACC Ref. No. 170-W-000-CSC-760-000115.

C.9 Temporary Drainage System Supply

Wetsep will be set up when fencing / waterfilled barriers once installed.

C.10 Lifting Operation

The operator of crane lorry / mobile crane shall ensure a clear and unrestricted view of the load carried in prior to lifting works. The ground condition where lifting crane to be sit shall be checked to ensure to have adequate bearing capacity and the lifting load shall not exceed 80% of the safe lifting load of the lifting crane. Lifting supervisor will be engaged and the lifting zone will be fenced off. Lifting work required to lift above, over and in the close vicinity of the railway tracks and OHL, the relevant approved EDOC shall be followed.

C.11 Pre-construction survey

Pre-construction survey, Survey and UU detection will be carried out and completed before the commencement of the works, survey of existing MTR equipment at ground level. Reports to be submitted to MTR, showing the protections applying to the MTR equipment.

D. INSTALLATION PROCEDURE

The RP Fence Installation Works will be carried out in close proximity to the existing TCL mainline where proper railway protection measures need to be in place before commencement of any physical site works. Referring to (Library) Working Paper No.6 & the approved BUGN –Railway Protection, a minimum 4.5 m High RP Fence is required for construction activities that do not require plant / machinery with a high boom or where there are no overhead line (OHL) masts on that particular side of the track. A minimum 7 m high RP Fence is required for

Siu Ho Wan Depot Property Development

activities which require the use of plant / machinery with high booms adjacent to the existing RP Fence, or where the OHL masts are located on that side of the existing track. The minimum clearance between the RP Fence and the OHL line return wire is required to be at least 850 mm in any direction.

(Details, please refer to Appendix E, Para. 8.4)

E. EXISTING GATE RELOCATION

With reference to the approved BUGN, the southern side existing access gate 50.84U MAG shall be maintained at the same chainage / location once the new RP Fence has been installed. Approval shall be obtained from RP, SC-Air and TC before commencing the relocation works. The existing gate will be re-used and the relocation works shall be completed in the same NTH track access.

(Details, please refer to Appendix E, Para. 8.9)

F. LIFTING ARRANGEMENT

a. The crane lorry will set up in Works Area W1;

b. And then lift up the object 300mm from the ground, keep 3m distance from the object, hold 3 second;

c. Lift the concrete block over the existing RP fencing, then lower down the concrete 300mm above ground, and then swift the concrete to proposed locations slowly.

d. Lift the concrete block to proposed locations.

e. Lift the fence panels to the proposed alignment slowly,and two workers will assist that. One worker will use the tag line to control the position of RP Fence Panel;and the other worker will swift and hold the RP fence in right position.

(Details, please refer to Appendix E, Para. 8.10)

G. MITIGATION MEASUREMENT

• No part of the mobile crane / crane lorry will work beyond the water-filled barriers and the maximum lifting load shall be <80%of S.W.L. (LA / LG must be counted in the lifting loading).

• All lifting operation by crane lorry / mobile crane, the mobile crane / crane lorry outriggers must be fully extended and the unsafe zone should be fenced off.

• Provision of sufficient lighting during lifting operation when necessary.

• Adequate barriers for the lifting safety zone shall be arranged.

• Crane lorry / mobile crane shall be set in position that its jib is pointing away from existing railway premises or facilities if reasonably practicable when idle such that possible collapse of

jib would not fall onto nearby railway premises.

• CCTV and C-smart will be provided at Works Area W1 to enforce the site security (Details please refer to ACC Ref No.1701-W-000-CSC-760-000032).

4.4 Application RP fence installation at the mainline (South Side) shall be carried during NTH 2:00 am to 4:00 am

4.5 Category N/A

4.6 In-house/Contract CONTRACT 1701

4.7 Estimated Cost Under SHD Property Development Contract 1701 – Oyster Bay Station and Associated Works

4.8 Nature Trial project carried out by HKTS Business Yes No

Unit and costing $4.5M or above

If yes, please attach the SMART Success Criteria for Trial

[Template can be obtained via the link below

http://opinfomall.corp.mtrc.com/dept_T&ES/tes_admin/other%20files /smart%20success%20criteria%20for%20trials.docx]

5. Name and Title of Responsible Parties

Design Manager / Chief Construction Manager Project Controller / Project Manager Implementer / Senior Construction Manager Maintainer / Asset Owner
CHONG Daniel Hing PongChief Design Manager –OYB KOO Raymond Kai OnChief Construction Manager – OYB Civil KOO Raymond Kai OnChief Construction Manager – OYB Civil KOO Raymond Kai OnChief Construction Manager – OYB Civil

6. Implication on Safety

• Affecting / modifying on Safety Critical System(s)ii Yes No If no, please provide justification.

There are no Safety Critical System involved

Yes No

• Confirming ISA Requirement for SCS Related Change Assessment Formiii is completed (ref. P/OD/SMS/004)If no, please provide justification.

There are no Safety Critical System involved

• Modifying on PSD/APG/MGF/Floodgate iv [Specific Safety Yes No Related System(s)]

• Confirming ISR Requirement for Safety Related System Related No Change Assessment Formvis completed (ref. P/OD/SMS/004)

If no, please provide justification.

ii The list of Safety Critical Systems (SCS) stipulated in Exhibits E1 of P/OD/SMS/004 refers.

iii For modification work on SCS or affects SCS, project controller of C&R work shall complete the assessment f

iv The list of Safety Related Systems (SRS) stipulated in Exhibits E1 of P/OD/SMS/004 refers. Independent safety review on operation and control, as well as signalling interface, shall be deployed for i) PSD and APG (automatic sliding door), ii) Floodgate and iii) MGF.

There are no Safety Critical System involved

• Mitigation of R1 / R2 Hazards Yes No

• Affecting Signal Sighting (ref. P/OD/SMS/028) Yes No If yes, please specify

• Affecting maintenance or operational requirements e.g. Safety- Yes No related Application Conditions (SRAC) / Safe Operating

Requirements (SOR)

If yes, please specify in Section 19.

• Submission of a paper to SAFTECvi Yes No

If yes, please specify the paper number and if the paper has been accepted by SAFTEC

1. CP(T) or CP (NT) shall be full time looking after the railway safety and report to the OCC / SC daily before and after the construction works. Full-time supervision shall be carried out by MTR Project Team under the approved MS during the construction work. Trucks and workers shall be restricted to use a designated route as delivery and worker’s pedestrian route within the site which shall be further agreed with the SHD Manager / YM.

2. Proper safety barriers shall be erected to demarcate the work site from the railway area.

3. Proper personal protective equipment shall be employed while carrying out of works.

4. The 1701 Contractor shall carry out temporary pedestrian / traffic diversion and implement TTM wherever the works will interfere with existing roads, footways or other ways over which there is a public or private right of way. Minimum width of EVA will be maintained at all times during the works.

5. Delivery of equipment shall be considered carefully and avoid damaging any structure on site such as depot warehouse, OHL, track work, light post, etc.

6. Measures including sandbags and standby water pump shall be provided to avoid flooding.

7. Designated works area shall be fenced off by proper safety barriers with warning notices and shall be securely fastened together to prevent unauthorized entry. The detailed safety measures shall be specified in the method statement for the cable bridge construction works.

8. All workers shall receive Railway Safety Induction training and follow Railway Safety Rules (RSR).

The contractor’s person-in-charge (CPIC) shall be present at the work site at all times of work. The responsible person shall ensure that all sources of ignition are removed, all power supplies are isolated, and the work site is in a safe condition before leaving the site.

v For modification work on PSD/APG/MGF/Floodgate [Specific Safety Related System], Project Controller of C&R work shall complete the assessment form. E4 of P/OD/SMS/004 refers.

vi Refer to SAFTEC ToR in Operations Knowledge Mall, submission of a paper to SAFTEC is required for engineering work involving:-

• application of new technology;

• modifications to approved technical standards on operational / occupational / system safety (including deviations from approved technical standards);

• improvement on safety of the railway and other prescribed businesses in Hong Kong by mitigating R1 / R2 hazards; or

• modification which may induce high consequence risk including derailment or train collision which affecting rail integrity / switch and crossing integrity / track adhesion performance

7. Implication on Fire Safety

• Affecting / modifying on Fire Safety System(s) No

1. Smoking is not permitted on site.

2. Storage of flammable and dangerous materials are prohibited.

3. Cleaning of garbage shall be carried out regularly to maintain good housekeeping.

4. Fire extinguisher shall be provided at site container offices and each work front with mechanical plants/fire risk as identified in risk assessment (part 5 belo

5. Risk assessment shall be carried out to identify safety and fire hazard as well as the relevant control measures.

6. Grass cutting shall be arranged before any hot works.

• Implication to existing Fire Service Installations (FSIs) Yes No

Example to implication:

- Obstructions to the existing active FSIsvii, including but not limited to sprinklers, detectors, hose reels, smoke curtain, natural smoke vent, some extraction outlet etc.

If yes, please provide the justification to demonstrate the compliance of statutory requirement.

8. Deployment of Licensed Staff on Safety Critical / Safety Related Work

This is not a safety critical / safety related works, but the following measures will be implemented to ensure safety.

1. Contractor shall work in compliance with the Corporation’s railway safety rules and procedures.

2. CP(T) or CP(NT) shall be deployed on site responsible for arranging protection and supervision of working parties for works carried out inside operating railway premises.

3. The 1701 Project Team CIOW and Safety teams will also put full teams on work supervision and site safety during the construction.

9. Implication on Operating Procedures

No implication on operating procedures.

10. Statutory Submissions

vii Refer to M&W Standards for the definition of obstruction.

1. S/EM-fss/MW/04(99) - Material & Workmanship Standard for Sprinkler System - Clause 10.10 & 10.17.

2. S/EM-fss/MW/03(99) - Material & Workmanship Standard for Fire Hydrant / Hose Reel System - Clause 7.1, 10.1, 11.13 & 11.14.

3. S/EM-fss/MW/02(99) - Material & Workmanship Standard for Automatic Fire Alarm and Detection System - Clause 4.1.10 to 4.1.13.

Are there any statutory submissions Yes No

If yes, please state the details:

The works in this EDOC are covered under the Building Ordinance. Statutory submissions with the Buildings Department are handled by CSHK. Construction drawings are attached in Appendix C.

[State any submission/approval dates and consequences of non-approval by external statutory parties]

11. Design Capacity / Design Limitviii

All design works are designed to MTR NWDSM, M&W specification and general specification, the related code of practice and HK regulations.

The temporary works for shoring support or working platform would be certified by nominated Temporary Works Co-ordinator (TWC), checked by TCPs and approved by MTR CWBU.

12. Electromagnetic Compatibility

No impact on the electromagnetic compatibility.

13. Implementation, Inspection, Testing or Commissioning Instruction

- Prior to the commencement of works, the Contractor shall provide submission including detailed method statements with Inspection & Testing Plan (ITP) to MTR for approval.

- Before submission of EDOC, the method statement and ITP has been approved.

- The proposed work shall be inspected and checked by MTR CSHK team under related ITP procedure, and will be registered by digital RISC forms under iSuper system for quality control.

- All construction works shall be carried out according to the approved method statements and agreed safety plans and measures.

13.1 State the pre-requisite tests / safety precautions before allowing an item / system to be put in operation/testing on the Operating Railway, e.g. gauge checking, approach-locking distance, signal sighting etc., for:

• works on a Safety Critical System, or

• works on other items / system which may result in disruption to train services for more than 20 minutes or to station operation for more than 1 hour, if the change causes the item / system / its interfacing system(s) to fail