MS Reference Number: CSHK CET MS C 2024 000119

ACC Reference Number: 1701 W 000 CSC 760 000609

METHOD STATEMENT TITLE: Widening of The Fast Lane of Shun Long Road -The Section between SHW Depot and North Lantau Highway

Prepared by: Edmond MAN

Checked by: Vincent Li

Reviewed by: Leung Kwok Fung / Hui Wai Kwan, MH Isa / WH Lam, James Mat / Iris Ho, Yeung Wai Lun

Approved by: Eric Fong

Positions: Engineer, Construction Manager, SM/SO, QM/QE, -EM/EO, Assistant Project Director, Project Director

Date: 31-May-2024

CONTENT

中國建築工程（香港）有限公司 CHINA STATE CONSTRUCTION ENGINEERING (HONG KONG) LIMITED

This document is controlled in soft copy. Any hard copies seen are uncontrolled unless chopped with a red control stamp

1. Objective

2. Details of Sub-Contractor/Specialist Sub-Contractor

3. Responsibilities for Activities described within Method Statement

4. Work Plan

5. Resource, Plant, Equipment & Material

6. Traffic and Security Management

7. Construction Methods / Construction Sequence

8. Safety

9. Environmental

10. Quality Control

11. Appendices

This document is controlled in soft copy. Any hard copies seen are uncontrolled unless chopped with a red control stamp

Objective: The objective of this work is to improve the traffic condition, provision of additional space in fast lane to afford the future traffic growth of the road section. Moreover, road safety will be strengthened via the fast lane widening task.

Details of Sub-Contractor/Specialist Sub-Contractor: The works will be carried out by our direct labour and supervised by our front-line staff such as foreman and engineer.

Responsibilities for Activities described within Method Statement: CSHK is responsible to inspect and carry out the construction works.

Programme and Working Hours: The works target is planned to be commenced on June 2024 and spend 4 consecutive workdays to complete the task.

Resource, Plant, Equipment & Material: The major plants and equipment will be deployed to carry out the works are Crane Lorry (45T), Water Truck (Capacity: 3000L~5000L), Telescoping Crawler Crane (6T).

Traffic and Security Management: Worker Verification. All workers will be picked up at designated areas such as Tung Chung Station. During boarding the shuttle bus, hand-held facial recognition will be performed to verify the worker's qualification.

Safety: Risk Assessment attached in Appendix A has been prepared for all general activities.

Environmental: General works shall be carried out during normal hours form 08:00 am to 07:00 pm.

Quality Control: Quality check for the water filled barrier once it delivered to site - Checking the water-level of water filled barrier every day.

Appendices: Appendix A – Risk Assessment Appendix B – Catalogue for Equipment Appendix C – Inspection and Test Plan Appendix D – Emergency Contact List

This document is controlled in soft copy. Any hard copies seen are uncontrolled unless chopped with a red control stamp.