MS Reference Number: CSHK CET MS C 2024 000109  
ACC Reference Number: 1701 W 000 CSC 760 000507  

METHOD STATEMENT TITLE: Method Statement for Backfilling and Site Preparation Work for Mobilization of Crane in Western W7 Area  
Rev.:  

Prepared by: 蔡瑞  
Checked by: 王思洋  
Reviewed by: 3h  
Reviewed by:  
Signature: Tim Cai  
Name: Nick Wang  
Position: Leung Kwok Fung/Hui Wai Kwan  
Date: MH Isa / WH Lam- 17/5/2024 1815/2024 2015-2024 2015/24  
Reviewed by:  
Reviewed by:  
Reviewed by:  
Approved by:  
Signature:  
Name: h Yewnr  
Position: C  
Date: ~9 James Ma/Iris Ho Yeung Wai Lun Paul Freeman/Mark McGleenon Eric Fong EM/EO A.Project Director Sr.Project Director/. Project DirectorA.Pr Project Director 2015/2024 21 151 2024 21/512024 22/5/24  


CONTENT

1. Introduction

2. Reference Documents

4. Responsibilities for Activities described within Method Statement

5. Programme and Working Hours

6. Plant, Equipment & Material

7. Construction Methods/Construction Sequence

8. Safety

9. Environmental

10. Quality Control

11. Appendices

This document is controlled in soft copy.

Any hard copies seen are uncontrolled unless Page 2 of 12 chopped with a red control stamp  


1. Introduction (Overview of the operation/works)  
This Method Statement is a safety working method & procedures document to describing the health, safety, environment & quality requirements for carrying out backfilling and site preparation work for mobilization of crane in Western W7 Area. The methodologies of elimination, mitigation and control of risks shall be addressed. The details of the procedures contained herewith shall be reviewed periodically and updated based on the actual site conditions. The principle methods as described in the following sections are subject to review during construction and may be amended if required.  

2. Reference Documents (Identify relevant documents by name and reference number)  
General Specification for Civil Engineering Works(NEC4)(MTR Corporation Limited-2022) Scope for Contract 1701 Materials and Workmanship Specification for Civil Engineering Works  

3. Responsibilities for Activities described within Method Statement  
CSHK is responsible to inspect and carry out the construction works. The following persons, as listed in the table below, will attend the specific tool-box talk and be responsible for the activities: Name Position CF Chan Construction Manager Anthony He Assistant Construction Manager Nick Wang Assistant Construction Manager WONG Yiu Ho David Senior Engineer Tim Cai Engineer Andrew Mak Engineer LUAN Yin Zu Engineer Charles Xu Graduate Engineer Vincent Li Construction Manager Nana Chung Assistant Construction Manager Johnson Chun Senior Engineer David Lam Senior Engineer Man Hin Li Assistant Engineer Ted Leung Construction Manager Li Yuk Wa Assistant Construction Manager Jack Wong Senior Engineer Andy Lo Engineer Edward Yang Graduate Engineer Kyle Lai Graduate Engineer Leung Kwok Fung Safety Manager Hui Wai Kwan Safety Officer Ernest Young Assistant Safety Officer Lau Yu Tat Senior Surveyor Cheung Siu Kei Superintendent (a) Construction Manager Responsible for overall administration, monitoring, controlling progress and quality of works in a safe manner. (b) Site Engineer/Superintendent/Foreman  


This document is controlled in soft copy.  


Responsible for developing works procedures, controlling progress and quality of works in a safe manner. They also have to implement safety at works area for workers via guidance from safety officers. (c) Safety Manager/ Safety Officer Responsible for assessing working conditions of work areas in safety means. To prepare risk assessment before works, enforce safety works practice and environment in the workplace and work site. (d) Worksite Person In Charge (WPIC) WPIC is in charge of the work in the works areas, which are located at various positions of site. Site Supervisor is also responsible in implementing works control checklist. WPIC/ Site supervisor shall attend pre-work briefing and deliver the work arrangement, included but not limited to proposed working area, sequence of works and safety precautions measures. (e) Registered Electrical Workers (REW) Workers who have valid certificate of registered electrical worker and completed MTR RSI training and obtain qualification. (f) Workers Workers who have completed RSI training and received a valid qualification. (g) Competent Person CP for Underground Utilities Survey and Trial Pit CP shall undertake the investigation for the purpose of ascertaining within the proposed works site and its vicinity the existence, alignment and depth of any cable and provision of a written report on the findings. (h) Competent Person (CP(T)/CP(NT)) CP shall provide pre-work briefing to all workers and anyone work within the Railway Operation Area(Siu Ho Wan Depot). Pre-work briefing shall cover the regulation within the proposed working area and relevant work safety precaution measures. Briefing attendance records shall be kept on site for inspection. CP shall report to depot before works could commence. CP(T)/CP(NT) is to ensure works are within CA area and any opening of the existing Manholes shall notify Depot relevant parties such as IMD in advance. Emergency Team contact list is enclosed so that work can be safely arranged to suspend for contingency/ reasons. Please refer to Appendix E.  

4. Programme and Working Hours (Start & finish date of operation/works)  
The work commencement is scheduled in late May 2024. The proposed tentative occupation period for the strip footing area is from 20/5/2024 to 20/2/2025 (~9 months). The general working hours will be from 08:00 - 19:00 daily, from Monday to Saturday. All the works shall be led by WPIC during the approved working period.  

5. Plant, Equipment & Material (Identify type, model and specification of MAJOR plant & equipment)  
All plants and equipment will be inspected prior to the mobilization on site to ensure that they are in good working condition and comply with the current regulations. The major equipment will be deployed to carry out the works are as follows and the technical specification is attached in Appendix D The major plants and equipment will be deployed to carry out the works are as follows: Plant/Equipment Temporary water filled barriers Grab-mounted lorry Vibratory rammer Steel Plates (20mm) Lifting crane (60T)  

6. Construction Methods/Construction Sequence Drawings  
All workers should have RSI training. A pre-job briefing is required prior to the commencement of works between the CP workers and Site Engineers to ensure the workers are fully informed of the risks and they are aware of the measures to control those risks. Fencing off the works area by water filled barriers and setup warning signs. Unauthorized persons are not allowed to enter. Concreting at two sides of the strips as a retaining wall. And concreting around the existing manhole for protection. Using PVC pipe as weep holes at the side of mass concrete to drain away excess water. Layered backfill upon the strip footings by a grab-mounted lorry. Backfill materials shall be temporarily stockpiled at proper areas and covered properly if backfilling cannot be completed in time to prevent flying dust.  

This document is controlled in soft copy.  

Any hard copies seen are uncontrolled unless Page 5 of 12 chopped with a red control stamp  

All fill material shall be free from organic substances and all superficial materials such as vegetation and loose organic top soil should be removed before placement of fill. Boulders greater than 150mm in diameter shall not be used as fill material. Compact the soil by vibratory rammers and cover with a steel plate. Formation of ramp for crane access. Deliver Lifting crane. The proposed area for mobilization of crane is shown in the layout plans attached in Appendix A. The size shall be 11m x 10m and will be subjected to actual site conditions.  

7. Safety (Risk Assessments) All workers shall be equipped with reflective vests and safety helmets during operation. All workers must go through a briefing by the Construction Manager/ Engineer / Safety Officer /Safety Supervisor before commencement of any works. A pre-meeting will be arranged before commencement of the work among Survey Team, Construction Team and Safety Team to brief the nature of works, the safety aspects and the necessary safety requirements as identified in the Risk Assessment in Appendix C. To ensure the worker carrying out the inspection pit excavation works are fully informed of the risks and they are aware of the measures to control those risks, the Briefing will be provided before operation commence. Safety helmets fitted with chin straps must be worn within the site, safety boots, hearing protectors (if needed), high visibility jackets / sashes, reflective vests, goggles, gloves and full body harnesses for work at height will be provided to all staff working on site. Plastic barriers and reflective traffic cones will be prepared prior to work commencement to demarcate the working area. Any emergency situation shall be reported to site supervisors (i.e. Construction Manager/Engineer/Foreman etc.) and Safety Department for prompt response. The emergency contact list is shown in Appendix E. The risk for the works shall be assessed and the Risk Assessment Analysis is shown in Appendix C.  

8. Environmental (Environmental aspect & impact identification as well as mitigation measures)  
The following mitigation measures will be followed:- General works shall be carried out during normal working hours (08:00 to 18:00). No works using PME will be carried out after 07:00pm on Sunday and public holiday without a valid construction noise permit.- ULSD Diesel will be use in all PME;- Plant with QPME label will be employed if available;- Only regulated NRMM with NRMM label to be used on site;- All chemicals will be placed on drip tray;- Any wastewater produced during the work will be treated prior to disposal;- Backfilled material will be stocked pile at designated area, covered properly to prevent dust generation and reused on site prior to disposal;- The works shall follow relevant mitigation measures as required under the Environmental Permit (EP) / EP submission and Contractor's Environmental Management Plan (EMP).  

9. Quality Control (Inspection and Test Plan including hold points)  
Refer to Appendix B for Inspection and Test Plan.· Construction works shall be fully complied with Quality Plan. To ensure the attainment of the required standard of works, the methods of working and the required works standards / acceptance criteria are defined in the method statement, inspection & test plans, and are communicated to relevant staff and workers carrying out the works. Day to day routine inspections of the works will be carried out by the Construction Team Leader, Site Engineers and Foreman as appropriate, to ensure that all works are performed following the requirements of these documents. Specific quality checks shall be carried out in accordance with the approved Inspection & Test Plan with "Hold Points" at critical elements for confirmation of compliance before proceeding further. For work activity which is classified as “Quality Hold Point”, no subsequent work can be started unless the former work activity was inspected and accepted by MTR's inspectorate. Request for Inspection and Survey Check (RISC) shall be issued to the RSS following inspection of the works by the CSHK's project team. The Inspection & Test Plan for the works (Appendix B) will identify all Hold Points and Witness Points. Following the Inspection & Test carried out, inspection and/ or test records are to be prepared to indicate whether the specified requirements have been met. Records of Inspection and testing will be maintained and kept available for inspection and final handover as appropriate.  

10. Appendices (Identify and include additional information in the submission package)  
Appendix A-Layout Plan  
Appendix B - Inspection and Test Plan (ITP)  
Appendix C-Risk Assessment  
Appendix D- Catalogue for Equipment  
Appendix E - Emergency Contact List  