MS Reference Number: CSHK CET MS C 2024 000029

ACC Reference Number: 1701 W 000 CSC 760 000169

METHOD STATEMENT TITLE Rev.-
Waterfilled Barrier Installation &
Site Clearance Works at W4, W5, W6A, W6B and W12

Prepared by: David Lam
Checked by: Vincent Li
Reviewed by: KF Leung/WK Hui, MH Isa/WHLam, MH Isa/Iris-Ho
Approved by: Eric Fong
Position: Senior Engineer, Construction Manager, SM/SO, QM/QE, EM/EO, Project Director

中國建築工程（香港）有限公司CHINA STATE CONSTRUCTION ENGINEERING (HONG KONG) LIMITED
This document is controlled in soft copy. Any hard copies seen are uncontrolled unless Page 1 of 19 chopped with a red control stamp

CONTENT
1. Introduction
2. Details of Sub-Contractor
3. Responsibilities for Activities described within Method Statement
4. Programme and Working Hours
5. Resource, Plant, Equipment & Material
6. Traffic and Security Management
7. Construction Methods / Construction Sequence
8. Safety
9. Environmental
10. Quality Control
11. Appendices
This document is controlled in soft copy.
Any hard copies seen are uncontrolled unless chopped with a red control stamp Page 2 of 19
In order to facilitate further works like Site Clearance and UU Detection for works area W4, W5, W6A, W6B and W12. The working area inside the SHD shall be fenced off by waterfilled barriers.
This method statement describes the method and sequence for Waterfilled Barriers Installation and Site Clearance for W4, W5, W6A, W6B and W12. The UU Detection Works details please refer to separated submission.
The layout plan for water filled barrier at W4, W5, W6A, W6B and W12 is shown below.
Layout Plan for W12 Water Filled Barrier
Layout Plan for W4, W5, W6A, W6B Water Filled Barrier
This document is controlled in soft copy.
Any hard copies seen are uncontrolled unless Page 3 of 19
chopped with a red control stamp

The works will be carried out by our direct labour and supervise by our front-line staff such as foreman and engineer. We will also provide the full-time CP (Railway Safety Rules and Requirements) on site, 1 CP will be appointed for 20 workers at same work area. All workers should possess the qualification Railway Safety training (RSI). If necessary, CP will be arranged at each works areas. Besides, WPIC will be assigned to supervise the construction works at each work site.
Responsibilities for Activities described within Method Statement
CSHK is responsible to inspect and carry out the construction works. The following persons, as listed in the table below, will attend the specific tool-box talk and be responsible for the activities:
Company: CSHK
Name: Vincent Li, Nana Chung, David Lam, Johnson Chung, Jacky Luo, Kingsley Zhao, Li Man Hin, Cheung Siu Kei, Wong Yu Fung, Ng Ho Lun, Pun Chi Ho, Luk Si Sun, Howard Siu, CF Chan, Luqman Yung, Anthony He, Nick Wang, Kanson Woo, Andrew Lo, Charles Xu, Leung Kwok Fung, Ernest Young, Lau Yu Tat
Position: Construction Manager, Assistant Construction Manager, Senior Engineer, Engineer, Assistant Engineer, Graduate Engineer, Superintendent (WPIC), Senior Foreman, Foreman, Mechanic & authorized electrician, Safety Manager, Assistant Safety Officer, Surveyor, Superintendent

(a) Construction Manager
Responsible for overall administration, monitoring, controlling progress and quality of works in a safe manner.
This document is controlled in soft copy.
Any hard copies seen are uncontrolled unless chopped with a red control stamp Page 4 of 19

(b) Site Engineer/ Assistant Engineer/ Site Foreman Responsible for developing works procedures, controlling progress and quality of works in a safe manner. They also have to implement safety at works area for workers via guidance from safety officers. (c) Safety Manager/ Safety Officer Responsible for assessing working conditions of work areas in safety means. To prepare risk assessment before works, enforce safety works practice and environment in the workplace and work site. (d) Worksite Person In Charge (WPIC) WPIC is in charge of the work in the works areas, which are located at various positions of site. Site Supervisor is also responsible in implementing works control checklist. (e) Workers Workers who have completed RSI training and received a valid qualification. (f) Competent Person (CP(T)/CP(NT)) CP shall provide pre-work briefing to all workers and anyone work within the Railway Operation Area (Siu Ho Wan Depot). Briefing attendance records shall be kept on site for inspection. CP shall report to depot before works could commence. Emergency Team contact list is enclosed so that work can be safely arranged to suspend for contingency/ reasons. Please refer to Appendix C.

4. Programme and Working Hours (Start & finish date of operation/works)
The works target to be commenced in Middle of March 2024. The works will be carried on day time from 08:00 am to 07:00 pm, Monday to Saturday. The works shall obtain Depot YM’s prior permission. ETMS shall be provided & approved, and the CP shall obtain DOC permission to start the works.

5. Resource, Plant, Equipment & Material (Identify type, model and specification of MAJOR plant & equipment)
Plant and Equipment Condition The major plants and equipment will be deployed to carry out the works are as follow: For Installation of Waterfilled Barrier
Plant / Equipment: Crane Lorry, Water Tank Truck
Quantity: 3 each
Manpower: General Labour, Driver
Quantity: 18 General Labour, 4 Drivers

For Site Clearance
Plant / Equipment: Grab Truck
Quantity: 3
Manpower: General Labour, Driver
Quantity: 12 General Labour, 3 Drivers
#Actual quantity will be change due to the site progress.

6. Traffic and Security Management
Contractor Vehicle Arrangement Pre-registration of the car plate and driver information will be provided to the Security Operation Centre (SOC) to obtain the entry permit through the west gate. Contractor Vehicle should display the entry permit, a label with the wordings '1701 contractor vehicle' and location plan, and the destination on the windscreen. CSHK will report the total number of workers In/Out Records to SOC Daily. Re-registered vehicles shall not carry unauthorized/unregistered passengers. Before entering the west gate, CSHK, CP(T) will measure the height of vehicle, ensure the height is within 4m. After entering the west gate, the Contractor Vehicle will be accompanied by the escort vehicle with CP(T). No vehicle over 4m high and below 4.5m high is allowed unless a Permit-to-Move is issued by CWBU to DCC for approval. Vehicle height measurements/ checks shall be conducted by CP(T)s before entering depot areas and passing through the west level crossing. When accessing west level crossing, escort car of CPT shall communicate with DCC in order to get permission to drive across the level crossing. CPT shall inform DYM when vehicles passing through the yellow line underneath the height restriction gauge, and within the double white zone No vehicle Reversing is allowed. Permitted vehicles must be driven through level crossings at a speed of not over 10kph. All vehicles, except shuttle bus for staff and workers, shall not be entered from West gate from 7:30 am to 8:30 am in order to minimize the track jam. For details of traffic and security management plan shall refer to separate submission. All security guard shall have RSI training. Worker Verification All workers will be picked up at designated area such as Tung Chung Station. During boarding the shuttle bus, hand-held facial recognition will be performed to verify the worker's qualification. The facial recognition system will check if the person has passed the RSI and possesses a green card. List of workers shall be submitted for MTR for registration before starting of works, the list shall be updated weekly and available for MTR as requested. Uniform and Safety Equipment: All workers shall wear PPE and the standard uniform and safety helmet for easy recognition by security guards and YM.

7. Construction Methods / Construction Sequence Drawings
Logistic Route for Water Filled Barrier Delivery Figure. F1 - Logistic Route for Water Filled Barrier Delivery to W4 and W5
Figure.F2 - Logistic Route for Water Filled Barrier Delivery to W6A and W6B
Figure. F3 - Logistic Route for Water Filled Barrier Delivery to W12
General Arrangement
- All works must be got depot YM approval before commencement.
- Access No. 1, all workers entry from car park must be contact SOC to get approval.
- Access No. 2, all vehicles in/out shall be arranged banksman to avoid the traffic jam.
- Identify the all existing MTR facilities/materials at or within construction site, such as manhole, OHL portal.
- Carry out the condition survey and photographic taking to locate the site conditions, utilities before works start.
- Permit-to-dig system will be implemented to avoid the damage to UU during construction period (the method statement will be submitted separately).
- If any existing equipment/materials was found during condition surveying, we will fence off and provide protection to stuff. After then, we will report that to depot and liaise with MTR and relative parties.
- All workers should possess the qualification Railway Safety training (RSI), and can only smoke at the smoking area that demarcated by CSHK.
- Prior to commence the works, CSHK will provide the information to MTR’s CWBU Inspector, in order to submit the work notice to SOC/DCC every Friday.
- Condition of waterfilled barrier shall be checked weekly, any damage shall be replaced if necessary and record shall be submitted to MTR.
- Approved method statement/EDOC with Chinese version shall be displayed on site for workers
- The fuel of generator must not allow store at the depot area for safety reasons. Also, the generator will be switched off after work daily.
- CSHK will provide the shade facilities for workers to rest.
- CSHK will provide enough Container Toilets for workers and staffs, and regularly arrange septic tank trucks for disposal.

Waterfilled Installation near Depot Track (W12)
- All existing fencing shall be maintained until the new fencing erected.
- The waterfilled barriers installation near the Existing Depot Track will be carried out in NTH/ NPH subject to YM’s approval.
For Crane Lorry and Lifting Gear
- All plants and equipment will be inspected prior to the mobilization on site to ensure that they are in good working condition and comply with the current regulations., all statutory forms/certificates of Lifting Appliances (LA) and Lifting Gear (LG) must be valid
- If they are in good working condition, CSHK will arrange the plants mobilization to site
- If they are in good working condition, CSHK will submit the permit to lift (for crane lorry, grab lorry lifting gear) and plant permit (for backhoe).
Lunch Arrangement for CSHK workers
If the number of workers is less than 10 people, workers can have their lunch at depot canteen after 12:30 pm, if the number of workers is more than 10 people, workers will go out the site for lunch.
Works Sequence for Waterfilled Barriers Installation
Step 1: Put the labelled cone on manhole cover on site in order to avoid the waterfilled barrier placed on the utilities/manhole cover.
Step 2: We will provide the working schedule for depot YM to coordinate for our loading and unloading works. We will use the traffic cone for temporary lane enclosure for loading and unloading. Deliver the waterfilled barrier by manual handing of workers. If it is delivery by lorry, at least two workers will move one barrier by manual handling. - Waterfilled barriers deliver by lorry at W3A, move the barrier from lorry to ground by manual handling. - Workers will transport the waterfilled barriers over the existing road to W12 during the CP(T) supervision.
Step 3: Place the waterfilled barriers to the proposed alignment, then check the conditions of the waterfilled barrier, and then tighten the outlet cover.
Step 4: The waterfilled barriers shall be placed in alternate red and white colours and connect together such that they stand out the construction site behind them and are visible by day and night.
Step 5: Fill water to waterfilled barriers, and up to the maximum water level according to the operating instructions of the manufacturer. - Due to the application for water supply needs to go through some process and takes time. We planned to use water tank truck for water filling of waterfilled berries. At the same time, we will further discuss the “Temporary water source at South Road” with depot. - The water tank truck shall be filled outside the depot.
Step 6: Check whether the water level is between the lowest water level and the highest water level daily. If there is no water after a day, it means that the cover is loose or the barrier is broken, so we should tighten the cover or replace it with a new water-filled barrier.
Step 7: Install the top plastic panel on the waterfilled barrier. - The plastic panels should have 1-2 transparent, and we will install the panels 1 in 5 to be transparent. Also, plastic panel will be removed when in typhoon signal no.3 or above.

This document is controlled in soft copy. Any hard copies seen are uncontrolled unless Page 11 of 19

Access Gate Arrangement
Red Colour Panels with Notice “出口警告” will be installed at the access gate for easily identified.
Site Clearance
Remove debris, loose materials, rubbish and weeds/shrubs by hand tools for further UU Detection/ construction works when the waterfilled barriers once completed. Also, the depth not more than 100mm.
Smoke Arrangement
- All workers should possess the qualification RSI, and must not smoke outside the demarcated area.
This document is controlled in soft copy.
Any hard copies seen are uncontrolled unless chopped with a red control stamp Page 12 of 19

Legend:
Toilet
Container site office
Generator
Water Tank
Smoke Area

Layout Plan for Container Site Office at W7
Facilities for Smoke Area
-Cigarette Butt Receptacle
-Fire Extinguisher
-Sand Bucket

8. Safety (Risk Assessments)
This document is controlled in soft copy. Any hard copies seen are uncontrolled unless Page 13 of 19 chopped with a red control stamp
Risk Assessment attached in Appendix A has been prepared for all general activities. Specific safety procedures and precautions have been developed for all site operatives to follow. The Construction Manager together with the RSO, will supervise the implementation and make adjustments according to the actual site operations, in order to maintain a safe and amicable working environment.

9. Environmental (Environmental aspect & impact identification as well as mitigation measures)
General works shall be carried out during normal hours from 08:00 am to 07:00 pm. No works will be carried out after 07:00 pm on Sunday or public holiday without approval construction noise permit. -ULSD diesel will be used in all PME. -Plant with QPME label will be employed if available. - All chemicals will be placed on drip tray. -For site clearance, water spray will be carried out during the work to prevent dust generation. - Any wastewater produced during the work will be treated prior to disposal.

10. Quality Control (Inspection and Test Plan including hold points)
Quality check for the waterfilled barrier once it is delivered to site -Checking the water-level of waterfilled barrier regularly

11. Appendices (Identify and include additional information in the submission package)
Appendix A-Risk Assessment
Appendix B-Layout Plan
Appendix C-Emergency Contact List